what's going on you guys just my dear
she don't be showing you guys how to
change your skin on minecraft pocket
edition for Android only just to warn
you guys this isn't for iOS or iPods
this will not work it's only for Angela
I'm sorry for those iOS's you were users
out there it only works for their
androids so I wanna show you guys how to
change your skin just like this one this
is a troll skin right there alright so
basically two apps you'll need is block
launcher and mcpe skin MCPE skins and
they're both free they're not paid for
so don't worry so just go ahead and
download those in the place or that's
right there and once you got those
downloaded what you want to do is open
MCPE skins alright and see you got some
skins right here you can pass them
randomized and you find a whole bunch of
other ones but what you want to do is
press search and you can choose what
category you want it ok I want master
chief alright sees right there see you
press and hold I'll say sleep save for
block launcher push that and I'll say
file saved all right you know what you
want to do is go into block launcher let
that all load up all right what you want
to do is push this little tool bar
toolbar thing up here and go on launch
our options restart required whenever
you guys first use it it'll all look
like this alright see the settings and
everything what you want to do is turn
off safe mode enables can override and
press the Save skin so you know take you
into your file managers or whatever your
file and you want to go on your
downloads these are all the skins i
downloaded and we'll just um yeah Master
Chief and you want to press your back
button right there
and you push it again because that's
what that does right there it'll o
restart the app it'll set skin and
everything so just open when your worlds
that should be Master Chief see let me
go on my armor really quick take off
that CIA Master Chief you can do that
with all those other skins um I hope
this really helped you guys once you
guys do it a lot it will get you guys
will get a hang of it is it it used to
be really hard for me but I figured it
out in two minutes and it was easy as
simple as crap so I hope you guys
enjoyed this and please leave a like
comment and subscribe and share it on
Twitter Facebook or whatever you guys
got so i will see you
you